docs: document trusted boot (#2612)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/edge/trusted-boot/edgeforge/check-efi-limit.md

  - Minimum RAM: 8
  - Minimum Storage: 100 GB

- The ability to modify the boot order settings to boot from a USB drive and to enter the BIOS interface. Typically this
  requires you to have a wired keyboard and a monitor to display the interface connected to the Edge device.

- Your Edge host supports UEFI boot options.

- You have already built the installer ISO file as well as the provider image that you will use to provision clusters on
  your Edge host. For more information, refer to [EdgeForge with Trusted Boot](../edgeforge/edgeforge.md).

- You can only perform the actions in this guide **prior to** enrolling keys in your Edge host. The ISO that is used to
  check the EFI boot limit will not have your keys on it. If your device has already enrolled your custom keys and have
  secure boot enabled, the Edge host will not be able to boot from the unsigned volume.

> - [Git](https://cli.github.com/manual/installation). You can ensure git installation by issuing the git --version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Git](https://www.git-scm.com/downloads). You can ensure git installation by issuing the git --version
```

https://cli.github.com/manual/installation is a broken URL. I always use the official URL from git: https://www.git-scm.com/downloads

    provider image. Therefore, the Edge host will not be able to boot and an Edge host with a higher EFI boot limit is
    needed.

>     To resolve this issue, you can acquire a device that has a higher boot limit, or make the EFI of the ISO smaller by

Reviewer: Excellent
